README.md, before:

# Pathao Courier Plugin For WordPress Woocommerce

## Description

This WordPress plugin is designed to enhance your website's functionality by providing courier service features.
Whether you need seamless package tracking or a user-friendly way to manage deliveries, our plugin has you covered.

![img_7.png](screenshots%2Fimg_7.png)
![img_8.png](screenshots%2Fimg_8.png)
## Features

- Easy to implement
- Sync orders to the Pathao Merchant Panel
- Webhook Implementations
- Realtime order status updates

## Requirements
- Requires at least: 6.0
- Tested up to: 6.4
- Requires PHP: 7.3
- Stable tag: 3.18.3
- Beta tag: 3.18.0-beta4
- License: GPLv3


## Installation

1. Download the plugin zip file.

![img.png](screenshots%2Fimg.png)

2. **Upload Plugin:**
   - Go to the WordPress admin dashboard and navigate to 'Plugins > Add New Plugin'.

     ![img_1.png](screenshots%2Fimg_1.png)

   - Click 'Upload Plugin' and choose the zip file you just downloaded.

     ![img_2.png](screenshots%2Fimg_2.png)

   - Click 'Install Now' and activate the plugin.

     ![img_3.png](screenshots%2Fimg_3.png)

   - Or, unzip the file on your computer and upload the 'wordpress-pathao-courier-plugin' folder via FTP to your '/wp-content/plugins/' directory.

4. **Setup Plugin:**
   - Go to the WordPress admin dashboard and navigate to 'Settings > Pathao Courier'.
     You will see a page 'Pathao Courier Settings' with the following options:

     ![img_4.png](screenshots%2Fimg_4.png)

   - Client ID: Enter your client ID and Client Secret Key. which you will get from Pathao [Merchant Panel](https://merchant.pathao.com/courier/developer-api).

     ![img_5.png](screenshots%2Fimg_5.png)

   - Webhook URL: Enter your webhook URL which you will get from Pathao [Merchant Panel](https://merchant.pathao.com/courier/developer-api).

     ![img_6.png](screenshots%2Fimg_6.png)

   - Click 'Save Changes' to save your settings.
## Usage

To use follow these steps:

1. Add any product to the cart. Then go to the checkout page.
2. Fill up the billing details and place the order.
3. Go to the admin panel and check the order Woocommerce -> orders.

![img_7.png](screenshots%2Fimg_7.png)

5. Click on the 'Send with Pathao' button to send the order to the Pathao Merchant Panel.
6. You will see a modal with the order details. Fill in the details and click on the 'Send to Pathao' button.

![img_8.png](screenshots%2Fimg_8.png)

## Changelog
- v.1.2.0
   - Bug Fixes
      - hotfix and refactor code and default value mismatch error
      - hotfix: Webhook for new merchant panel
      - add optional header in new webhook
      - billing address and shipping issue
   - Feature
     - Enhance Pathao Courier settings page UI and user experience
- v.1.1.6
   - Bug Fixes
      - add a secondary phone number field in the Create Order page
- v.1.1.5
   - Bug Fixes
      - add a special instruction field in the Create Order page
- v.1.1.4
   - Bug Fixes
      - Fix the amount_to_collect 0 issue
      - Add new field Note
- v.1.1.3
   - Bug Fixes
      - Separate all queries
      - Fis sanitization issues
      - Fix edit URL issues
      - Fix all order count issues
      - Refactor code 
- v.1.1.2
    - Bug Fixes
        - Filter issue fixed.
        - Refactored the order list template.
        - Add a clear filter button.
- v.1.1.1
    - Bug Fixes
        - Installation issue fixed.
- v.1.1.0
  - Features 
    - Added order creation without city/zone/area.
    - Separate order list template
    - New template for the "All Orders" page and Added a general settings page.
    - Added date and limit filter on the template page.
  - Bug Fixes
    - Fixed CSS style for modal.
    - Changed in validation UI response.
    - Changed default weight value
    - Default weight 1kg to 0.5kg
    - Refactored the codes.
    - Refactored all endpoints.

## Note
If you are facing any issues with the latest plugin version, you can use the previous version of the plugin from [here](https://github.com/pathao-eng/courier-woocommerce-plugin/releases/tag/1.0.4).

## License
This plugin is released under the [GPL V3](https://github.com/pathao-eng/courier-woocommerce-plugin/blob/main/license.txt).

## Support

If you have any questions or need help, please get in touch with us at

- Email: [support@pathao.com](mailto:support@pathao.com)
- Phone: [+8809610003030](tel:+8809610003030)

Commit message:

feat: Add bulk order creation feature and update plugin documentation with new screenshots.

README.md, after:

# Pathao Courier Plugin For WordPress Woocommerce

## Description

This WordPress plugin is designed to enhance your website's functionality by providing courier service features.
Whether you need seamless package tracking or a user-friendly way to manage deliveries, our plugin has you covered.

![img_7.png](screenshots%2Fimg_7.png)
![img_8.png](screenshots%2Fimg_8.png)
## Features

- Easy to implement
- Sync orders to the Pathao Merchant Panel
- Webhook Implementations
- Realtime order status updates
- Bulk Order Creation

## Requirements
- Requires at least: 6.0
- Tested up to: 6.4
- Requires PHP: 7.3
- Stable tag: 3.18.3
- Beta tag: 3.18.0-beta4
- License: GPLv3


## Installation

1. Download the plugin zip file.

![img.png](screenshots%2Fimg.png)

2. **Upload Plugin:**
   - Go to the WordPress admin dashboard and navigate to 'Plugins > Add New Plugin'.

     ![img_1.png](screenshots%2Fimg_1.png)

   - Click 'Upload Plugin' and choose the zip file you just downloaded.

     ![img_2.png](screenshots%2Fimg_2.png)

   - Click 'Install Now' and activate the plugin.

     ![img_3.png](screenshots%2Fimg_3.png)

   - Or, unzip the file on your computer and upload the 'wordpress-pathao-courier-plugin' folder via FTP to your '/wp-content/plugins/' directory.

4. **Setup Plugin:**
   - Go to the WordPress admin dashboard and navigate to 'Settings > Pathao Courier'.
     You will see a page 'Pathao Courier Settings' with the following options:

     ![img_4.png](screenshots%2Fimg_4.png)

   - Client ID: Enter your client ID and Client Secret Key. which you will get from Pathao [Merchant Panel](https://merchant.pathao.com/courier/developer-api).

     ![img_5.png](screenshots%2Fimg_5.png)

   - Webhook URL: Enter your webhook URL which you will get from Pathao [Merchant Panel](https://merchant.pathao.com/courier/developer-api).

     ![img_6.png](screenshots%2Fimg_6.png)

   - Click 'Save Changes' to save your settings.
## Usage

To use follow these steps:

1. Add any product to the cart. Then go to the checkout page.
2. Fill up the billing details and place the order.
3. Go to the admin panel and check the order Woocommerce -> orders.

![img_7.png](screenshots%2Fimg_7.png)

5. Click on the 'Send with Pathao' button to send the order to the Pathao Merchant Panel.
6. You will see a modal with the order details. Fill in the details and click on the 'Send to Pathao' button.

![img_8.png](screenshots%2Fimg_8.png)

### Bulk Order Creation

You can now create orders in bulk!

1. **Preload Location Data (Recommended):**
   - Go to **Settings > Pathao Courier**.
   - Click the **Preload City, Zone & Area** button. This fetches and caches all location data for faster loading.

   ![img_9.png](screenshots%2Fimg_9.png)

2. **Select Orders:**
   - Go to **WooCommerce > Orders**.
   - Select the orders you want to send.
   - Choose **Send with Pathao** from the Bulk Actions dropdown and click **Apply**.

3. **Bulk Order Modal:**
   - If you haven't preloaded data, you will see a prompt to fetch it.

     ![img_10.png](screenshots%2Fimg_10.png)

   - Once loaded, you will see a grid view of your orders.
   - **City, Zone, and Area** will be automatically selected if the customer's address matches.
   - You can edit any details directly in the grid.

     ![img_11.png](screenshots%2Fimg_11.png)

   - Click **Confirm** to create all orders at once.

## Changelog
- v.1.2.0
   - Bug Fixes
      - hotfix and refactor code and default value mismatch error
      - hotfix: Webhook for new merchant panel
      - add optional header in new webhook
      - billing address and shipping issue
   - Feature
     - Enhance Pathao Courier settings page UI and user experience
- v.1.1.6
   - Bug Fixes
      - add a secondary phone number field in the Create Order page
- v.1.1.5
   - Bug Fixes
      - add a special instruction field in the Create Order page
- v.1.1.4
   - Bug Fixes
      - Fix the amount_to_collect 0 issue
      - Add new field Note
- v.1.1.3
   - Bug Fixes
      - Separate all queries
      - Fis sanitization issues
      - Fix edit URL issues
      - Fix all order count issues
      - Refactor code 
- v.1.1.2
    - Bug Fixes
        - Filter issue fixed.
        - Refactored the order list template.
        - Add a clear filter button.
- v.1.1.1
    - Bug Fixes
        - Installation issue fixed.
- v.1.1.0
  - Features 
    - Added order creation without city/zone/area.
    - Separate order list template
    - New template for the "All Orders" page and Added a general settings page.
    - Added date and limit filter on the template page.
  - Bug Fixes
    - Fixed CSS style for modal.
    - Changed in validation UI response.
    - Changed default weight value
    - Default weight 1kg to 0.5kg
    - Refactored the codes.
    - Refactored all endpoints.

## Note
If you are facing any issues with the latest plugin version, you can use the previous version of the plugin from [here](https://github.com/pathao-eng/courier-woocommerce-plugin/releases/tag/1.0.4).

## License
This plugin is released under the [GPL V3](https://github.com/pathao-eng/courier-woocommerce-plugin/blob/main/license.txt).

## Support

If you have any questions or need help, please get in touch with us at

- Email: [support@pathao.com](mailto:support@pathao.com)
- Phone: [+8809610003030](tel:+8809610003030)
